TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR THE USE OF MIPANGO APP:



1. THE AGREEMENT & APPLICABILITY

1.1 This Agreement sets out the complete Terms and Conditions (Conditions Of Use/ Terms and Conditions as shall be used interchangeably) are issued by MIPANGO Fintech Ltd (hereinafter "Mipango App" or "we" or "us" "ourselves" or "our") to Mipango App Customer (hereinafter "you" or "your" or "user" "yourself") which shall apply when You use the Mipango App ("Mipango App) through Mipango System and is available at Our website located at https://mipangoapp.com/ (the "Website"). 

1.2 These Terms and Conditions shall apply and bind to all MIPANGO APP Users and by using Mipango App you will be deemed to have read, understood and accepted these Terms & Conditions, Mipango App consumer terms & conditions of use available on Mipango Fintech website https://mipangoapp.com/terms-and-conditions/ and other Mipango Fintech services terms and conditions available on Mipango Fintech website https://mipangoapp.com/. Any amendments or variations made to these Terms and Conditions shall take effect on their date of publication or as otherwise provided in such amendment or variation and shall be posted on the Website. 

1.3 Please read these Conditions of Use, and any schedule/annexure 

2. DEFINITIONS

2.1 "IOS" An operating system used for mobile devices manufactured by Apple Inc. 

2.2 "App" Means a software program that's designed to perform a specific function.

2.3 "Intellectual Property" Means the copy-right, know-how, the trade names and any marks, trade device, service mark, symbol, code or specification, patents, designs and other individual or intellectual property rights used in or associated with a person

2.4 "Working Days" means Monday to Friday except Saturdays and Sundays and days, which are gazetteed as public Holidays within the United Republic of Tanzania; "Working hours", means 0900-1700hrs.

2.7 "Mipango Fintech" means Mipango Fintech Limited incorporated in Tanzania as a limited liability company under the Companies Act (Cap 486 of the Laws of Tanzania);

2.8 "Third Party" or "Third Parties" means all other company who associate or linked to action on customer request of which is not directly managed by us 

2.9 "We", "our", and "us," means Mipango App Limited, where the contents so permits, includes the successors and assigns of the Mipango Fintech Limited;

2.10 "You" or "your" means the Customer and includes the personal representatives of the Customer;

2.11 The word "Customer" shall include both the masculine and the feminine gender as well as juristic persons;

2.12 Words importing the singular meaning where the context so admits include the plural meaning and vice versa.

2.13 Headings in these Terms and Conditions are for convenience purposes only and they do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.



3. MIPANGO APP AND AVAILABILITY:

3.1 Mipango App is an application that enables Mipango Fintech Ltd customers to easily and conveniently access all Mipango App services and functionalities offered by Mipango Fintech Limited.

3.2 Mipango App is available for all Mipango App customers who utilize IOS and Android.


4. HOW TO ACCESS MIPANGO APP.

4.1 Buy or be user of an IOS or Android phone.

4.2 Download Mipango App, by going to Apple Store, App Store or from Mipango Fintech website and search for "Mipango App"

4.3 Install Mipango App on your handset. Costs shall be applicable for downloading Mipango App.

4.4 Once you have installed Mipango App, launch Mipango App 

4.5 Mipango App APP will be activated automatically; You understand that the data accessing services are chargeable service as per Telephone service provider's rates and you shall keep yourself informed of the charges payable for such Data Services.

4.6 Once you have logged in, you will be requested to accept the Terms & Conditions, then Mipango App will open home page.


5. FEATURES OF MIPANGO APP:

5.1 Mipango App offers the following services:

5.1.1 Create Budgets and personal Financial Goals

5.1.2 Record and manage your expenses

5.1.3 Track and manage your budgets and personal goals

5.1.4 Financial advice

5.1.5 Financial Products Recommendations

5.1.6 Savings e-wallet

5.1.7 Record and track your Savings

5.1.8 Financial Dashboard and Reports

5.1.9 Account management: Change language, change PIN, mini statement and manage favourites.

5.1.10 SMS scraping which gives Mipango App access to messages from your financial services providers, for transactions recording to Mipango App purposes

5.1.11 And many more as shall be found on Mipango App Menu from time to time. 






6. GENERAL RULES RELATING TO CONDUCT

6.1 Mipango App is made available for your own, personal use. Mipango App must not be used for any commercial purpose whatsoever or for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. When you use Mipango App you must comply with all applicable Tanzanian laws (together referred to as "Applicable Laws").

6.2 In particular, but without limitation, you agree not to:

6.2.1 Use Mipango App in any unlawful manner or in a manner which promotes or encourages illegal activity including (without limitation) copyright infringement; or

6.2.2 Attempt to gain unauthorized access to Mipango App or any networks, servers or computer systems connected to Mipango App; or

6.2.3 Modify, adapt, translate or reverse engineer any part of Mipango App or re-format or frame any portion of the pages comprising Mipango App, save to the extent expressly permitted by these Terms or by law.

6.3 You agree to indemnify us and our group companies in full and on demand from and against any loss, damage, costs or expenses which they suffer or incur directly or indirectly as a result of your use of Mipango App otherwise than in accordance with these Terms and Conditions or Applicable Law


7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

7.1 The copyright in all material contained on, in, or available through Mipango App including all information, data, text, music, sound, photographs, graphics and video messages, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all source code, software compilations and other material is owned by or licensed to us or our group companies. All rights are reserved. You cannot copy, edit, vary, reproduce, publish, display, distribute, store, transmit, commercially exploit, disseminate in any form whatsoever or use the Material without our express permission.

7.2 The trademarks, service marks, and logos ("Trade Marks") contained on or in Mipango App are owned by us or our company. You cannot use, copy, edit, vary, reproduce, publish, display, distribute, store, transmit, commercially exploit or disseminate the Trade Marks without the prior written consent of Mipango Fintech.






8. LINK TO THIRD PARTIES: 

8.1 Mipango App may contain links to websites or Google Play Store operated by third parties ("Third Party Websites"). We may monetize some of these links through the use of third party affiliate programmes. Notwithstanding such affiliate programmes, we do not have any influence or control over any such Third Party Websites, charges and, unless otherwise stated, is not responsible for and does not endorse any Third Party Websites or their availability or contents or charges when operating such website.



9. DISCLAIMER / LIABILITY

9.1 Use of Mipango App is at your own responsibility and you are responsible for all the consequences, damage or any loss during use. Mipango App is provided on an "as is" basis to the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall strive to offer you a fault-free service except in circumstances of scheduled maintenances or abrupt unforeseen downtimes: 

9.2 We disclaim all liability whatsoever, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise in relation to Mipango App; and 

9.3 all implied warranties, terms and conditions relating to Mipango App including (without limitation) any warranty, term or condition as to accuracy, completeness, satisfactory quality, performance, fitness for purpose or any special purpose, availability, non-infringement, information accuracy, interoperability, quiet enjoyment and title are, as between us and you, hereby excluded. In particular, but without prejudice to the foregoing, we accept no responsibility for any technical failure of the internet and/or Mipango App; or any damage or injury to users or their equipment as a result of or relating to their use of Mipango App Any statutory rights are not herewith affected.

9.4 We will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), under statute or otherwise, as a result of or in connection with Mipango App, for any: (i) economic loss (including, without limitation, loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or (ii) loss of goodwill or reputation; or (iii) special or indirect or consequential loss.

9.5 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed as excluding or limiting our liability or that of our group companies for death or personal injury caused by its negligence or for any other liability which cannot be excluded by Applicable law.



10. SERVICE SUSPENSION: 

We reserve the right to suspend or cease providing any services relating to Mipango Apps published by it, subject to notice.


11. ADVERTISING IN MIPANGO APP/PROMOTIONS: 

By accepting these Terms and Conditions, you agree that we reserve the exclusive right to send you promotional text messages and notifications from time to time relating to Mipango App and or Mipango App Service.


12. GENERAL: 

12.1 These Terms and Conditions (as amended from time to time) constitute the entire agreement between you and us concerning your use of Mipango App.

12.2 We reserve the right to update these Terms and Conditions from time to time subject to notifying you. If we do so, the updated version will be effective immediately. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms and Conditions from your App or Mipango Fintech website so that you are aware of any changes to them and you will be bound by the new terms upon your continued use of Mipango App. No other variation to these Terms shall be effective unless in writing and uploaded to our website as stated hereinabove.

12.3 These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Republic of Tanzania and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tanzanian Courts.

12.4 If any provision(s) of these Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then such provision(s) shall be construed, as nearly as possible, to reflect the intentions of the parties (as reflected in the provision(s)) and all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

12.5 Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing.

12.6 Notwithstanding any provisions contained herein, you may terminate this Terms and Conditions by ceasing to use Mipango App by uninstalling it.

12.7 Do not share your MIPANGO APP PIN with any third party. You are responsible for the safekeeping and proper use of your MIPANGO APP PIN, for all Transactions that take place on your App using your PIN.


13. CUSTOMER CARE 

13.1. You may contact us through our customer care center lines +255 752 920 592 or other customer care contacts provided channels on our social media or Website (i.e. TOBi Online or Submit enquires) to report any disputes, claims or discrepancies in the Service. 

13.2. Our customer care representatives will handle the reported case(s) in accordance with our standard complaint handling procedures. 

13.3. Calls to call center may be recorded for quality assurance or for any business practices including but not limited to quality control, training and ensuring effective systems operations

13.4. To help us serve you better, kindly bring all relevant details relating to your complaint (e. g date & time of the incident, product, details of any person you have spoken to in relation to your complaint etc.). 

13.5. The Complaints process is free of charge.

13.5.1. Mobile Money Complaint - If your mobile money related complaint has not been resolved to your satisfaction within 21 days of raising it with Mipango Fintech, you have the right to raise your complaint with The Bank of Tanzania in this manner: 

13.5.1.1. Step 1: Go to BoT Website: https://www.bot.go.tz to get the BOT Complaint Form 

13.5.1.2. Step 2: Send the Complaint Form to BoT by any of the following methods:

13.5.1.2.1. By Hand: The Financial Consumer Unit Bank of Tanzania Head Office, 2 Mirambo Street, Dar Es Salaam, ground floor, Middle building.

13.5.1.2.2. By Post: The Financial Consumer Unit Bank of Tanzania P. O. Box 11884 Dar Es Salaam, 

13.5.1.2.3. By Fax/ By facsimile: +255 22 2234067 

13.5.1.2.4. By phone: +255 22 2233265/ +255 22 2233246

13.5.1.2.5. By Email To the attention of the Head of the Financial Consumer Protection Unit i.e. complaints@bot.go.tz

13.5.1.2.6. By Website (Online) https://www.bot.go.tz

13.5.2. Mobile Money Complaint-If your mobile money related complaint has not been resolved to your satisfaction with the determination or Revision of determination by the Bank of Tanzania, the complainant may apply for a judicial review to the Court.

13.5.3. GSM Complaints: - If your complaint has not been resolved to your satisfaction within 30 days of raising it with Mipango Fintech, you have the right to raise your complaint with Tanzania Communication Regulatory Authority in this manner:

13.5.3.1. Step 1 Go to TCRA Website: www.tcra.go.tz to get the TCRA Complaint Form 

13.5.3.2. Step 2: Send to the TCRA Complaint Form to TCRA by any of the following methods:

13.5.3.2.1. By Hand: The Consumer Affairs Department Tanzania Communication Regulatory Authority Mawasiliano Towers, Plot No 2005/1, block C, Sam Nujoma Road, Dar es Salaam

13.5.3.2.2. By Post: The Consumer Affairs Department Tanzania Communication Regulatory Authority (TCRA) Towers, P. O. Box 474, Dar es Salaam

13.5.3.2.3. TCRA-By Fax: +255 22 2412009/10

13.5.3.2.4. TCRA- By Email: complaints@tcra.go.tz

13.5.3.2.5. TCRA- By Website (Online): www.tcra.go.tz

13.6. This Conditions of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Republic of Tanzania.
